ReadME
=======

::  
      
   Pix2circ Group23 
   term assignment by Jon Augensen, Ole Benjamin Gauslaa and Lars Øvergård!






**Steps to run our code:**
-------------------------------

Change directory to our pix2circ directory and build it by using *make*: |br|

::

   cd pix2circ/
   make 


We have 3 working algorithms you can choose from. We have assigned numbers to chose which algorithm you want to use. 
We have added two images, the batman logo and the kfc logo, converted them into 0's and 1's and exported them 
to a .txt file. Namely batman.txt and kfc.txt, the batman logo is a bit small, the results are shown better with the 
kfc image. |br|

Bogo place            :1 |br|
Directed random place :2 |br|
Bogo feedback         :3 |br|

The different algorithms work in different ways, for Bogo place and the *Directed random place* algorithms, 
you have to assign how many circles you want to run with. For the *Bogo feedback - accuracy*, 
you assign the accuracy that you want it to run with, with a number between 1-99, the higher the number, 
the better accuracy you will get. After you have run the program, it will generate a .png image in the pix2circ folder. |br|  


**Example for running Bogo place:** |br| 

::
   
   ./pix2circ kfc.txt 1 500

This will run the *bogo place* algorithm, on the kfc image, with 500 circles. |br|


**Example for running Directed random place:** |br|

:: 

   ./pix2circ batman.txt 2 1000

This will run the *directed random place* algorithm, on the batman logo, with 1000 circles.|br|


**Example for running Bogo feedback:** |br|

::
   
   ./pix2circ kfc.txt 3 99

This will run the *bogo feedback* algorithm, on the kfc image, with 99% accuracy. |br|


**Documentation and dependencies**
-----------------------------------------

The work is documented using Sphinx, it is required that Sphinx is set up to view the documentation. This was taught to us in a previous INF course, 
namely INF200 as a valid way of providing documentation. 

**Setting up Sphinx** 

for Linux users, you can install it by writing the following command in the terminal: 

:: 
   
   apt-get install python3-sphinx


For more information regarding sphinx or if you use other distributions, please read the installation guide underneath:
https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/installation.html


**Setting up Read the docs theme**
The built-in themes didn't do it for us, so we need to install "Read the docs" sphinx theme. 
this can be done by typing in 1 out of these 2 options in the terminal: |br|

:: 

   pip install sphinx_rtd_theme


OR 


:: 
   
   pip3 install sphinx sphinx_rtd_theme


For more information regarding this theme, or using other distributions: |br|
https://sphinx-rtd-theme.readthedocs.io/en/stable/installing.html



IF by any chance you as the viewer do not wish to install this theme, and not view it in its best form, you 
have to open the conf.py file, and change line number 39 from: |br|

:: 
   
   html_theme = 'sphinx_rtd_theme'


TO 

:: 
   
   html_theme = 'sphinxdoc'



When these steps are done, change directory to the *docs* directory and build the documentation,
followed by changing directory to *html* via the *_build* directory and open the index.html file. |br|

:: 
   
   cd docs/ 
   make html
   cd _build/html

As an alternative we have added a PDF file aswell that can be viewed, however, we must add this does not reflect the 
documentation in its best form as it is an autogenerated file by the help of make latexpdf. This should be considered
a last resort alternative as for viewing goes.

.. |br| raw:: html

   <br />

